Hey hey! So, in this video we're going to be
using using for Type Aliases. The same keyword as we used
before in using namespace, but now, we're going to alias, i.e. give a different name to our
types. And by the end of it, our code will be looking even more like Unreal,
in that we'll be using int32's instead of integers
and we'll be using FStrings and FText, instead of standerd
strings. And our code is just getting closer and closer to what we're going to be using, when we
get inside Unreal. So, see you in there!
So, I'm going to introduce you to something now, to help us get prepared for
using Unreal. In Unreal, the recommendation in our coding standards is we
don't use int for integers, and the reason for that is it depends on which platform
you're building to. I want to set you up for cross platform development, and if you
were deploying on one hand to a phone and another hand to a 64
bit PC, for example, you may find that those machines implement int
differently. For example, it may be 32 or 64 bit, so what we want to
be is completely explicit about what we're doing. Now, in our code
here, we aren't inside Unreal and we're not using Unreal's API's,
so it actually is immaterial, but we're going to do a simple text substitution.
Not a find and replace but we're going to use a using directive very much
like the using namespace we saw before, and then removed, to make
a sutsitution between int and int32. So,
we're going to do that after... You're going to do that, after I've
showed you the same substitution for strings. So, another thing in
Unreal is strings, and we have the concept of FString
vs. FText Unreal. Now, if you do that Google
search, "fstring vs. ftext", you'll find that it explains in there
the difference between them. I'll summarize for you though, basically  an
FString is a mutable, i.e. changeable object that you can build and manipulate,
as you can see here. And FTEXt, which
we could search inside the documentation, is something that is pretty much
entirely used for user output.
So, what we're going to do is we're going to use FString
inside of our game class here,
and then, we're going to use FText inside of main.cpp but they're going to map to the same
thing. So, let me do it, let's make this concrete! Let's get on with it! So, in main.cpp,
after we do our includes, I want us to do the following using
FText =
standard string. What that's going to do
is it's going to make a substitution between standard string and FText. OK.
And then, wherever we see standard string, I want to
replace it with FText now. So, this is a find and replace operation,
so we do a Control H, we find
standard string and we replace it with FText. We skip over that first one
and then we replace all. Now, I think I've gone and replaced the top one.
I have, so let's just put that back.
OK, now check the code compiles, and then, we'll look at the code and I'll
recap why on Earth we're doing this! OK, so here we say using FText
= standard string. And then, we look down and then
wherever we were using standard string, before we were using FText. Now, not only is this easy to
type than standard colon colon string, but it's the sort of thing we'll be using in Unreal.
Now remember, FText, when we get to Unreal, will be something you generally use for user
interaction, which is why we're using it in the main.cpp. Remember the
main.cpp is basically the view controller for this whole
game. Now, I've said that, let's make the comment! Let's introduce this class! One way to do that
is to use a star and a forward slash. That is a way of putting a
comment blocking. With star and forward slash we can write a lot more and
not have to keep writing forward slash forward slash. So, this I'm going to introduce
the whole file. "This is the console
executable, that makes
use of
the BullCow class".
"This acts
as the view in a
MVC pattern", which we saw earlier,
"and is responsible for
all user
interaction".
"For game logic see the
FBullCow
Game class." Now, I'm a little nervous typing FBullCowGame there,
because there's a chance that we change the name of the class and this changes, but it's exactly
the same, so Find and Replace should find it. So, I've introduced my class here,
I've reminded us that this is all just about view, and I've said that in
Unreal FText is generally the thing we're going to use for interaction with the
user. So now, I'm going to go and make the same substitution in our
class over here, but this time it's going to be slightly different. And then, I'll challenge
you to do all this in a moment, don't worry, with a different thing with the integer. Using
FString = string; so
it's again both FString and FText are going to behave exactly
the same as string. By the way, I need to do standard, and this is
just preparing ourselves for Unreal. The reason I keep typing these things wrong, by the way, is I can't actually
see my keyboard. I've got a whacking great microphone between me and the keyboard,
and I'm so used to Mac that, here on a PC, I really sometimes struggle to hit
the right keys. But anyway, forgive me. So, where we find standard string, I'm going to do
a Find and Replace, for standard string. I'm going to replace it with FString.
Now, I should be able to do that across the entire
project now, because I've done all of the standard strings inside of the main.cpp.
So, let's go and have a little preview of this. This one here, yes.
Let's keep going! Standard string inside main.cpp. No, we skip
that one. That one
yep, I think actually that's it.
OK, let's have a look! It's just replacing the right things.
Yeah, oh something's gone wrong with my thinking! So, where
do I find that? In the intro right, so it should be easy! If our code is well organized,
we should know where to go. ..."thinking of?" there we go! I must have messed it up, when we did
WORD_LENGTH. So, what I've done here is I've used a substitution
there, and that substitution just says that we're going to
use, inside the implementation, FStrings instead of standard string.
It looks nicer, it's also more compatible with Unreal. Alright, hopefully you get
why we're doing this. It's also a useful facility, by the way, better than using
standard namespace, which brings in a whole bunch of substitutions like this. This is a very
explicit single substitution, it's much safer to use. Alright, let's get your challenge
warmed up. So, I want you to substitute the integer type.
Convert all integers to use the int32 alias.
Exclude int main(), as this is called by the Operating
System and we don't want to confuse things. Explicitly substitute, at the top of the file
not via includes, so if you need it in more than one file put it
at the top of every file. Don't expect it to chain through includes, we've already talked about chains of
includes. Test your code still runs and reads well.
OK, let's get this buttoned off! We're looking for int32, so I may as well just find
int32. So, int and it needs to be a whole word, not parts
of a word like interaction, so let's go find where we see int. Int main I said to
leave, everywhere else we need to make the substitution. So, int WORD_
LENGTH. So, in main.cpp we need to make the substitution, using
int32. Now, let me check that's exactly right from Unreal's
coding standards. Is it int with a small i or not? Let's find out!
"unreal int32", look at their coding standards for example.
Do a search for "int32" and it
is lower case like that. Good! Alright so, let's crack on!
Equals int! Now, it's a primitive type, so we don't need the standard in front.
OK, so now we go ahead and we do our Find and Replace on int. So,
Control H, find int, substitute with int32, Look for Whole
Words inside the Current Project. Let's crack on! Not main, that one
there let's change. These ones, yes change, change,
change. No, we don't redefine the substitution
and that's across the entire project, actually. So, we haven't used int... Oh,
we have used int over here. So, something about my Find and Replace didn't work,
so let's go Entire Solution,
int, int32, Whole Word, Entire
Solution. These guys need to be changed and these,
and it's just a question for you now of changing
the right things. Not main, not the definition itself,
that's it. So, the only things that should be left are the definition itself,
the using statement, and the main loop. You could change main, it would still work, but
as the system is expecting an int back, let's not mess around with it. OK, let's check our
code still runs! So,
it doesn't run! Let's look at the errors.
...
Now, the problem I've got here is that this file does not have the substitution, so I need
to go in, take the substitution, and as I said, explicitly put it in
each file that needs it. So, there we're using a substitution and
we probably are in here as well. Yes we are, so let's do it up
at that top. Great, let's try again!
Fantastic, it runs! So, that worked! Substitutions
are done, code is starting to look more and more Unreal, as we move on, and I'll see you soon!